Correct typo (#5169)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/PortalLaunchScheduler.md

### Launch portal with over 100k users

> If you are planning to launch are portal with over 100k users, please submit a support request following the steps listed below. Make sure to include all requested information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are planning to launch a portal with over 100,000 users, please submit a support request following the steps listed below. Make sure to include all requested information.
```
